Webview2 HoloLens 2 Getting Started Tutorial (#2567)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/webview2/roadmap.md

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## General Availability

The following technologies have reached General Availability (GA).

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Win32 C/C++

The Win32 C/C++ SDK has reached GA.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### .NET

The .NET SDK has reached GA.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Windows UI Library 2

You can access WebView2 controls in your UWP applications using [Windows UI Library 2 (WinUI 2)](./get-started/winui2.md). This has reached GA.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Windows UI Library 3

You can access WebView2 controls in your applications using [Windows UI Library 3 (WinUI 3)](/uwp/toolkits/winui3/index) with the Windows App SDK.  This has reached GA.

###### Xbox and XAML limitations

This version of WebView 2 will only work on PC-class and HoloLens 2 devices, offering the full range of capability found in the WinUI 3 variant. Xbox and XAML Island support requires additional work, and these devices and scenarios may be considered at a future point in time.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

> ## Preview Availability

Reviewer: seems problematic since that limitations section is specifically about its parent heading WinUI 3.
Complete outline of page headings:
```
# WebView2 Roadmap

## WebView2 Runtime and Installer

## Fixed version

## General Availability
#### Win32 C/C++
#### .NET
#### Windows UI Library 2
#### Windows UI Library 3
###### Xbox and XAML limitations
range of capability found in the WinUI 3

## Preview Availability
#### HoloLens 2
```

> ## Preview Availability

Reviewer 2: I see, makes sense to keep it as is.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## General Availability

The following technologies have reached General Availability (GA).

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Win32 C/C++

The Win32 C/C++ SDK has reached GA.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### .NET

The .NET SDK has reached GA.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Windows UI Library 2

You can access WebView2 controls in your UWP applications using [Windows UI Library 2 (WinUI 2)](./get-started/winui2.md). This has reached GA.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Windows UI Library 3

You can access WebView2 controls in your applications using [Windows UI Library 3 (WinUI 3)](/uwp/toolkits/winui3/index) with the Windows App SDK.  This has reached GA.

###### XAML limitation

XAML Island support requires additional work and may be considered for future releases.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Preview Availability

The following technologies are now available in a Preview release.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### HoloLens 2

> Starting with the Windows 11 update for HoloLens 2, a WebView2 Preview is now available on HoloLens 2 devices.  The WebView2 Preview is available in the Insider Preview for Microsoft HoloLens.  To access this preview, you must be enrolled in the Windows Insider Program; see [Start receiving Insider builds](/hololens/hololens-insider#start-receiving-insider-builds) in _Insider preview for Microsoft HoloLens_.  See also [Update HoloLens 2](/hololens/hololens-update-hololens).

Reviewer 2: @mikehoffms can we add a link to the HoloLens 2 getting started guide?

Reviewer: this thread can be closed

> Starting with the Windows 11 update for HoloLens 2, a WebView2 Preview is now available on HoloLens 2 devices.  The WebView2 Preview is available in the Insider Preview for Microsoft HoloLens.  To access this preview, you must be enrolled in the Windows Insider Program; see [Start receiving Insider builds](/hololens/hololens-insider#start-receiving-insider-builds) in _Insider preview for Microsoft HoloLens_.  See also [Update HoloLens 2](/hololens/hololens-update-hololens).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Starting with the Windows 11 update for HoloLens 2, a WebView2 Preview is now available on HoloLens 2 devices.  The WebView2 Preview is available in the Insider Preview for Microsoft HoloLens.  For more information see [Get started with WebView2 in HoloLens 2 Unity apps (Preview)](/get-started/hololens2.md).
```

Reviewer: i updated locally

Reviewer: this thread can be closed

## Fixed version

Fixed version distribution mode allows you to package the Microsoft Edge binaries <!--(a specific version of the WebView2 Runtime)--> inside your native application.  The Fixed Version has reached General Availability (GA).  For more information, see [Distribute your app and the WebView2 Runtime](./concepts/distribution.md).

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## General Availability

The following technologies have reached General Availability (GA).

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Win32 C/C++

The Win32 C/C++ SDK has reached GA.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### .NET

The .NET SDK has reached GA.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Windows UI Library 2

You can access WebView2 controls in your UWP applications using [Windows UI Library 2 (WinUI 2)](./get-started/winui2.md). This has reached GA.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Windows UI Library 3

You can access WebView2 controls in your applications using [Windows UI Library 3 (WinUI 3)](/uwp/toolkits/winui3/index) with the Windows App SDK.  This has reached GA.

###### XAML limitation

> This version of WebView 2 will only work on PC-class and HoloLens 2 devices, offering the full range of capability found in the WinUI 3 variant.

Reviewer 2: @mikehoffms I think we decided to remove this like "This version of WebView2 ... WinUI3 variant"

Reviewer: deleted sent. locally

Reviewer: done, see fresh https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/2567/files
you can close this Outdated comment; open fresh comment if needed

XAML Island support requires additional work and may be considered for future releases.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Preview Availability

The following technologies are now available in a Preview release.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### HoloLens 2

> Starting with the Windows 11 update for HoloLens 2, a WebView2 preview is now available on HoloLens 2 devices.  For more information, see [Update HoloLens 2](/hololens/hololens-update-hololens).

Reviewer: gh rendered article section:
https://github.com/michaelfarnsworth/edge-developer/blob/webview2-hololens-getting-started/microsoft-edge/webview2/roadmap.md#preview-availability

> Starting with the Windows 11 update for HoloLens 2, a WebView2 preview is now available on HoloLens 2 devices.  For more information, see [Update HoloLens 2](/hololens/hololens-update-hololens).

Reviewer: this comment can be closed

> Starting with the Windows 11 update for HoloLens 2, a WebView2 preview is now available on HoloLens 2 devices.  For more information, see [Update HoloLens 2](/hololens/hololens-update-hololens).

Reviewer 2: @mikehoffms Can we add a note here that it is available in an insider build and you would have to be enrolled in WIP?

Reviewer: verbiage is below [other comment](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/2567/files#r1187952013)

Reviewer: locally, might go w/:
Starting with the Windows 11 update for HoloLens 2, a WebView2 Preview is now available on HoloLens 2 devices.  The WebView2 Preview is available in the Insider Preview for Microsoft HoloLens.  To access this preview, you must be enrolled in the Windows Insider Program; see [Start receiving Insider builds](/hololens/hololens-insider#start-receiving-insider-builds) in _Insider preview for Microsoft HoloLens_.  See also [Update HoloLens 2](/hololens/hololens-update-hololens).

Reviewer: done, see fresh https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/2567/files
you can close this Outdated comment; open fresh comment if needed
